Line up the bottles in rows of 4 , then 3 , then 2 , then 1 Get a Frisbee per each player and allow to take two shots on each turn .
Each pin is one point .
Strike gets to take two more shots and add all the points together .
The player with the most points is winner .
Honey and ginger : it is natal food and good for sore throats , no side-effects , take a spoonful anytime when you need .
Garlic and Machinate tea : drink it when have infection , it is simple but excellent antibiotic .
Hot mixture of vinegar , olive oil and eucalyptus : place it on aches and pains , it is fast and effective way to relieve aches and pains .
everyone may use it in daily life .
First , John asked Isabella not to marry him and giving a chance to prove himself to have ability to make the happy life for her .
Then , He studied hard to fins his master degree .
Next , he worked hard so he made lots of money .
After that he asked Isabella to marry him .
In the end , they have a happy ending .
my name is Daniela .
There are four people in my family : my boyfriend , 2 children and I .
My boyfriend is forty-two an my child four and six .
We live all in Munich .
I can speak German .
On Saturday at 11:30 I goes swimming , at 12:30 I eats Lunch , at 4:00 I reads emails , at 6:00 I eats dinner and at 10:00 I watch TV .
Sometimes I think my job is really interesting , I always talk on phone and write emails , sometimes go to a business trip .
I always work long time and have little breaks .
When finished work to home I feel tired .
instructions for Frisbee bowling mark an area of about 8 tetrameter meters as '' bowline alley '' .
line up the bottles in row of 4 , then 3 , then 2 , then 1- just like ten-pin bowling .
give a Frisbee at each player .
Give ten turns each player .
Score a point each pin that knock down .
then the player takes two more shots and add the points together .
the player with most points win .
do n't play in the very wind day !
Job Advertisement The Global corporation to hire sales manager .
Interested : To send C.V. for our office .
Hi Tim ! I 'm fine , thanks .
but I could n't leave of answer to you .
I had an interesting experience too .
last year , I have benn in Argentina for cross the Andes mountains on bicycles .
During seven days , I stayed on the road , pedaling like mad against the cold and wind .
The views were awesome !
beautiful lakes and mountains covered of snow .
I wile tell more when I found to you .
Hi mum and dad ! how are you ?
I hope that fine .
I 'm going to go a Rock Festival next weekend .
It will begin on Friday and ends on Sunday .
I 'm watching my favorites bands such as Slipknot , SOAD and Korn .
I 'm receptionist in a hotel .
I work at Landerneau in France ( Britanny ) .
I often help people for example to book their flight .
I usually am in contact with guest .
I do n't like finish too late and my wage .
I never go in business trip .
You've written that you like animals .
They offers $ 50,000 salary , full accident insurance and 1 month holiday in a year .
Also you will trip to Florida to observe wild crocodiles !
Speak to you soon .
I 'm fine ! Thanks !
Men should wear white shirt , suit and tie , also asked to wear leather shoes , not allowed wear casual wear , and gym shoes , boots .
Women should wear suit medium size dress , make -up , earrings not allowed wear , and earrings no drop , no big circle , and also not allowed casual wear , scarf cap and boots .
Dear Sir I 've looked for your recruitment information on web .
I 've graduated from xx xx university and in college learning market sales .
Also I worked as a salesman at prescient .
Now I have worked six years after graduated and lead a team of six people .
If possible I can send CV and cover letter to you .
Wish can get an interview with you .
Message : Lunch with Margaret Kendall , at the La Maison restaurant , Tuesday 12th
In Sao Caetano do Sul , Brazil summer begin November .
We never wear a sweater , scarf and gloves because it 's very hot .
You always wear hat in summer .
We like volleyball and soccer on the beach .
In autumn is cool and cloudy .
Right now I 'm work very much with computer .
But next on Sunday at 11 o'clock at night , no problem for we will meet .
I 'm miss for you .
Jane , drive down Liverpool Rd .
My house is opposite the park .
I think you should buy red hat .
The white pants is expensive , but the purple top is cheap .
You do n't like to wear blue sweatshirt in summer . Bye .
I like playing game ps3 , but I do n't like playing chess .
My favorite day is on Saturday .
We can buy some books , because He likes reading book about movies .
He likes getting flowers , but He does n't like getting phones .
I wold like going scuba diving , because it 's too exciting , but we can go surfing .
I love watch sports , or I like playing football or playing ice hockey .
I believe that play the drums , it 's too relaxing .
She is brown hair and big , black eyes .
also , there are thirty pens , fifteen pencils , twelve desks , fourteen chairs , sixteen headphones e one table .
That 's OK .
My name 's Alan .I 'm forty-one years old .
Hi , my favorite day of week is on Saturday ! On Saturday I get up at 9 o'clock of morning .
I brush my teeth and I have shower .
At 9:30 I have breakfast and then I go watch TV .
Afternoon I have lunch at 1 o'clock , after I go to play soccer in the club until 4 o'clock .
At night I have shower and then I have at 7 o'clock , after I got to good movie and at 12 o'clock I go to bed .
The on line catalog has a white sneakers $ 79.00 , a white shirts $ 30.00 , a pink sweaters $ 69.00 , a belt $ 29.00 , a pant 39.99 and a blue shirt $ 30.00 .
Hi , can you buy me a orange chicken to dinner ?
I need that you buy a chicken , some oranges , a can of corn and some tomatoes .
I 'm buyer .
Sometimes I clean my desk because I do n't like dirty desk .
Occasionally , I take a break , but normally I work hard .
