Line up the bottles in rows of 4 , then 3 , then 2 , then 1 . Get a frisbee per player and allow to take two shots on each turn .
Each pin knocked down is one point .
For a strike , the player gets to take two more shots and adds all the points together .
The player with the most points is the winner .
Honey and ginger : they are natural food and good for sore throats , no side-effects , take a spoonful anytime when you need .
Garlic and Echinacea tea : drink it when you have infection , it is simple but an excellent antibiotic .
Hot mixture of vinegar , olive oil and eucalyptus : place it on aches and pains , it is a fast and effective way to relieve aches and pains .
Everyone may use it in his or her daily life .
First , John asked Isabella not to marry him and her to give him the chance to prove himself to have the ability to make a happy life for her .
Then , he studied hard to finsh his master 's degree .
Next , he worked hard , so he made lots of money .
After that , he asked Isabella to marry him .
In the end , they lived happily ever after .
My name is Daniela .
There are four people in my family : my boyfriend , two children and I .
My boyfriend is forty-two an my children are four and six .
We all live in Munich .
I can speak German .
On Saturday at 11:30 I go swimming , at 12:30 I eat Lunch , at 4:00 I read emails , at 6:00 I eat dinner and at 10:00 I watch TV .
Sometimes I think my job is really interesting , I always talk on the phone and write emails , sometimes go on business trips .
I always work long hours and have little breaks .
When I finish work and go home I feel tired .
Instructions for Frisbee bowling Mark an area of about 8 meters x 3 meters as '' bowling alley '' .
Line up the bottles in row of 4 , then 3 , then 2 , then 1- just like ten-pin bowling .
Give a Frisbee to each player .
Give ten turns for each player .
Score a point each pin that is knocked down .
Then the player takes two more shots and add the points together .
The player with most points win .
Do n't play in a very windy day !
Job Advertisement The Global corporation to hire sales manager .
Interested : To send C.V. to our office .
Hi Tim , I 'm fine , thanks .
But I could n't leave an answer for you .
I had an interesting experience too .
Last year , I had been to Argentina to cross the Andes mountains on bicycles .
For seven days , I stayed on the road , pedalling like mad against the cold and wind .
The views were awesome !
Beautiful lakes and mountains covered with snow .
I will tell more when I meet you .
Hi mum and dad , How are you ?
I hope that you are fine .
I 'm going to go to a Rock Festival next weekend .
It will begin on Friday and end on Sunday .
I 'm watching my fvaorite bands such as Slipknot , SOAD and Korn .
I 'm a receptionist in a hotel .
I work at Landerneau in France ( Brittany ) .
I often help people for example to book their flight .
I usually am in contact with guests .
I do n't like finish too late and my salary .
I never go in business trips .
You had written , that you like animals .
They are offering $ 50,000 as salary , full accident insurance and 1 month holiday in a year .
Also a trip to Florida to see wild crocodiles !
I 'll speak to you soon .
I 'm fine , thanks !
Men should wear a white shirt , suit and tie , also leather shoes , not casual wear , gym shoes , and boots .
Women should wear a suit or medium size dresses . Make -up and earrings are not allowed . no drop earrings , no big circles , casual wear , scarf , cap and boots .
Dear Sir , I 've looked at your recruitment information on the web .
I 've graduated from xxxx university and in college I learnt marketing and sales .
Also I work as a salesman at present .
Now I have worked for six years after I graduated and lead a team of six people .
If possible I can send my CV and cover letter to you .
I Wish I can get an interview with you .
Message : Lunch with Margaret Kendall , at the La Maison restaurant , Tuesday 12th .
In Sao Caetano do Sul , Brazil summer begins in November .
We never wear sweater , scarf and gloves because it 's very hot .
You always wear a hat in summer .
We like to play volleyball and soccer on the beach .
In autumn is cool and cloudy .
Right now I 'm working very much with computer .
But on next Sunday 11 o'clock at night , we will meet .
I miss for you .
Hi Jane , drive down Liverpool Rd .
It is oppsite the park .
I think you should buy the red hat .
The white pants are expensive , but the purple top is cheap .
You do n't like to wear blue sweatshirt in summer , do you ? Bye .
I like playing a ps3 game , but I do n't like playing chess .
My favourite day is Saturday .
We can buy some books , because he likes reading book about movies .
He likes getting flowers , but he does n't like getting phones .
I would like going scuba diving , because it 's too exciting , but we can go surfing .
I love to watch sports , or I like playing football or playing ice hockey .
I believe that to play the drums , it 's too relaxing .
She has brown hair and big , black eyes .
Also , there are thirty pens , fifteen pencils , twelve desks , fourteen chairs , sixteen headphones and one table .
That 's OK .
My name 's Alan , and I 'm forty-one years old .
Hi , my favorite day of the week is Saturday . On a Saturday , I get up at 9 o'clock in the morning .
I brush my teeth and take a shower .
At 9:30 , I have breakfast and then I watch TV .
In the afternoon I have lunch at 1 o'clock , after that I go to play soccer in the club until 4 o'clock .
Word limit At night I have shower and then I have at 7 o'clock , after I got to good movie and at 12 o'clock I go to bed .
The online catalog has white sneakers $ 79.00 , white shirts $ 30.00 , pink sweaters $ 69.00 , a belt $ 29.00 , a pair of pants 39.99 and a blue shirt $ 30.00 .
Hi , can you buy me a orange chicken for dinner ?
I need you to buy a chicken , some oranges , a can of corn and some tomatoes .
I 'm a buyer .
Sometimes I clean my desk because I do n't like a dirty desk .
Occasionally , I take a break , but normally I work hard .
